I have defended my PhD thesis on 'Question Answering with Hybrid Data and Models' on the 6th of February 2020 at LIMSI and currently working in Total Saclay R&D center as a Research Scientist in Data science and Artificial Intelligence where my research is focused on Natural Language Processing. 

---

Research interests
I am currently a Research Fellow at CEA, université de Paris-Saclay in the HPC lab (High performance Computing lab) called Maison de la Simulation. My research interests are in general related to all aspect of fluid dynamics, radiative transfer, and chemistry and their study through numerical simulations in HPC. I give a great importance to the link with observations and experiments. The specific domains, I am (and was) working on are:

The modeling of atmospheric dynamics with chemistry and radiative transfer applied to exoplanets, brown dwarfs, and stars. I am the developper lead of the 1D/2D ATMO code. Linked to ground-based telescope observations and to JWST (James Webb Space Telescope) future observations.
The modeling of the radiative impact of massive stars on their parent molecular cloud. I am part of the developper team of the HERACLES code. Linked to ground-based telescope observations and to the Heschel Space Observatory.
I used to work (internship for the Master degree) on the site testing for submilleter observations on the Concordia base at Dome C in Antarctica (Three summer campaigns 2008-2009, 2009-2010, 2012-2013).

---

Mes centres d'intérêt principaux portent sur la conception de schémas numériques et d'algorithmes efficaces conduisant à des codes performants sur les supercalculateurs. J'ai collaboré avec des chercheurs d'autres disciplines sur des simulateurs issus de plusieurs domaines applicatifs : l'épidémiologie (CNRS et INRA), la physique des plasmas et des hautes énergies (CEA et LPMIA), l'imagerie en profondeur (TOTAL). J'ai aussi mené de nombreuses actions avec des chercheurs en Mathématique appliquées (MAB , IRMA) pour mettre au point des modèles et des schémas numériques, typiquement multi-échelle ou multi-dimensionnel. Mon coeur de compétence concerne l'algorithmique haute performance, l'optimisation d'applications de grandes tailles, la mise en production de solutions de calcul HPC sur CPU ou GPU. 
